crypto: Add key type safeguards (#24014)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/sys-mgmt/certificates.md

For SAML use-cases, you can generate a certificate with a longer validity period (at your own risk).

## Supported key algorithms

> Not every key algorithm can be used for every purpose. The algorithm is detected from the certificate when it is generated or imported, and authentik only offers a certificate where its key algorithm is usable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every key algorithm is suitable for every use case. When a certificate is generated or imported, authentik determines its key algorithm and will only present that certificate for operations where its algorithm is supported.
```
